Barco's strategy is to create value for
its shareholders through a focus on professional
markets for digital visualization systems
and solutions
To do that
we have identified
or we have targeted
the entertainment market
the defense and aerospace business
applications for big video walls
advanced visualization and solutions for big
video walls and
last but not least
the healthcare market
So in those four markets
our strategy is to deliver superior quality
and performance solutions for professional
use
We stay away from consumer applications
We focus on solutions for professionals
In those four markets we apply a very simple
recipe of value creation through leadership
in three dimensions: the operational excellence
dimension
the customer intimacy and the technology dimension
or the performance dimension
In the customer dimension for 2012
I think we made tremendous progress in terms
of focusing on key customers and on customer
service
We created a global service organization that
allows us to provide after-sales service to
our customers
In customer intimacy
we have taken a three-prong approach
The first part of our strategy was to globalize
the company and to capture the growth momentum
of emerging countries
such as in Asia, China in particular, as well
as, in 2012, more specifically Latin America
The second part of our growth strategy was
to move into the mid-segment
Not be just a small percentage niche player
with all the ramifications thereof
but to go and compete for volume in the mid-segment
of the markets we serve
And again, we have done that very successfully
because today
in 2012, I can report that all of Barco's
four businesses have become market leaders
in their specific fields, including in the
value segment of the markets
The third dimension of our customer intimacy
strategy was to increase the share of wallet
with those customers by expanding our capabilities
and to offer customers additional parts of
the solutions set
not just the projector or just the display
For example, in digital cinema
we've added the media server and are moving
that into the projector
We've also added Auro 11.1 sound this
is a good example of how we enhance the value
of the customer relationship through a system-led
approach
and integrate its system approach
rather than just a product approach
These three elements have created exponential
growth for us over the three years 2010
11 and 12 and we believe that we are well-positioned
to continue that growth momentum into the future
In the technology dimension
Barco has launched a number of technological
innovations
such as laser technology for digital cinema projectors
or the uncompressed
latency-free solutions for the medical industry
with our Nexus platform for the digital operating room
to mention just two
And finally, in the operational excellence
dimension
great progress has been made in 2012 in terms
of bringing our warranty costs down and giving
customers products that are more reliable
because the quality is state of the art
is best in class and because, through volume,
we have learned to produce our products more
efficiently
This has allowed us to make better margins
or increase profitability without having to
raise prices with our customers
So Barco is doing well in these three dimensions
and that's why we are winning market share
That's why we are becoming leaders in our
field
And I'm happy to say that in 2012
Barco became a global leader in essentially
all four of its core markets
meeting financial objectives of double-digit
growth
approximately 15% EBITDA and
finally, more than 20% return on capital employed
Ambitious targets
not necessarily always met by every division
every year
but in 2012 we came very close to essentially
meeting our expectations in pretty much everything
we did
That's why 2012 was a fantastic year for us
and that's why I'm happy to thank everybody
who contributed to these results